Start in Settings, under AI Agent, and open Conversations.
p02
This is the customer facing agent, the one your customers text and talk to.
p03
Not Ask Shyne in the header. That's a staff tool, and a different playbook.
p04
The transcript is the ticket, so this log is always your first stop.
p05
Read the layout before you search.
p06
Six KPIs across the top cover thirty days.
p07
Below them, a table: customer, channel, topic, status, message count, sentiment.
p08
Today's demo tenant shows no conversations at all, while Analytics reports thousands.
p09
That gap is a demo artifact. Trust this log only after it actually loads.
p10
Now narrow to the chat in question.
p11
Search or filter on the customer, the channel, or the topic.
p12
The message count tells you how long the exchange dragged on,
p13
and sentiment tells you how it felt.
p14
Opening the row gives you the full back and forth plus the conversation ID.
p15
That ID rides along into your ticket.
p16
Next question: did it hand off when it should have? Click Escalations.
p17
Seven open, three claimed, one SLA breach.
p18
Average wait, six minutes and change.
p19
This queue is where the agent admits it needs a human.
p20
The reason column is the diagnostic.
p21
Negative sentiment on a billing dispute. A refund above the cap.
p22
A customer asking for a manager. Eight turns with no resolution.
p23
Those are the guardrails, and a healthy agent trips them.
p24
If your customer's chat sits here with a sensible reason, the agent behaved.
p25
If it never showed up, that gap is the misbehavior you report.
p26
So where does a handoff land?
p27
In the C-R-M module, under Service Desk, open the Agent Console.
p28
This is the human side of the escalation you just read.
p29
A teammate sets themselves available and picks the case up right here.
p30
Look over the queue controls.
p31
Filters for mine, unassigned, team, and all. Channel chips.
p32
Sort by longest wait or by priority.
p33
Today the queue is empty, so the console panes stay blank.
p34
That's fine. You came to confirm the intake exists, not to claim anything.
p35
Now chase the bad answer. Back in Settings, open the Knowledge Base.
p36
These are the documents the agent searches before it answers a customer.
p37
A wrong answer usually starts here, with an article that went stale or never existed at all.
p38
Read the table, not just the counts.
p39
Status tells you whether an article is indexed and searchable.
p40
Updated tells you how old it is.
p41
Search the topic the customer asked about,
p42
and if nothing comes back, you have probably found your cause.
p43
Leave the add and re-index controls alone. Each one changes the index.
p44
Channel next. Open Channels and Deployment.
p45
Three channels, three of three live.
p46
Thirty day uptime just shy of one hundred percent, latency around four hundred milliseconds.
p47
Healthy numbers up top. The story is in the cards below.
p48
Read all three cards, and touch none of the test controls.
p49
Web chat is installed and live.
p50
SMS is live, with stop and help handled automatically.
p51
Voice is beta, and beta means rougher behavior is expected, so say so up front.
p52
And that nighttime silence complaint? Quiet hours.
p53
The overview page flags T-C-P-A quiet hours on for SMS.
p54
The agent wasn't ignoring anyone. It was honoring the window.
p55
One more page. Analytics.
p56
Thirty eight hundred conversations in thirty days,
p57
and seventy eight percent never needed a human.
p58
That is containment.
p59
Web runs highest, voice lowest, which fits a beta channel.
p60
A channel whose containment has slipped is real evidence the agent is struggling there,
p61
and it belongs in your escalation.
p62
Now write the ticket and stop.
p63
The conversation ID. The channel. The containment context.
p64
Then the finding: a missing escalation row, a stale article,
p65
or a channel state like voice beta or quiet hours.
p66
You read six screens and changed nothing.
p67
Configuration and knowledge edits happen upstream, with the right role.
p68
Your job was the diagnosis, and it's done.